{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10980\viewh11000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 To install GeoDa for Mac OSX 10.6.8 or later simply drag the GeoDa application to the Applications folder on your hard drive.  Do not attempt to run GeoDa from within the virtual drive.\
\

\b Attention Mountain Lion (10.8) and Mavericks (10.9) users. 
\b0  Please note that you will get a warning message about this program coming from an unknown developer the first time you try to open it.  Use control-click and select open to open the program (instead of double click) and accept at the prompt. You will not be asked this again. However, in order for this to work, you need to set your Security & Privacy preferences to Mac App Store and identified developers; the default is Mac App store only, which will NOT WORK for GeoDa.\
\
\

\b Note on Oracle and ESRI FileGDB databases
\b0 \
GeoDa supports many different file formats and databases natively for reading/writing data.  However, certain databases such as Oracle and ESRI FileGDB require additional setup.  Please refer to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://geodacenter.asu.edu/geoda/formats"}}{\fldrslt https://geodacenter.asu.edu/geoda/formats}} for additional instructions.  A setup script for these databases is located in the scripts directory.}